Previously on "The Breaks"...
You snuck in here?
You remember me, don't you?
We met last summer.
You said you'd hold
a position for me.
I moved here for that job.
I'm sorry, sweetheart.
Oh!
Get this crazy bitch
out of here!
Unreasonable bitch.
Which is exactly why you said
you were gonna hire me.
You said the world is not
changed by reasonable men.
This business rewards hustle,
and you a hustler.
I'm a DJ and a producer.
You know it's gonna
be dope, a'ight?
Word.
Oh, shit!
Think I wanna hear that noise
when I get in from work?
But this is real, Dad.
It's average.
And average ain't gonna
get you on, DeeVee.
You need a real emcee.
I wanna make
a record with you.
That's what happen
when you hang with thugs.
We gonna do this.
Yo, that's ill!
From now on, WPPS will play
no rap, period.
It is the most important
musical movement--
Enough.
Stick to getting
my coffee.
I got fired.
Felt good too.
What are you doing here, Juggy?
You're a real asshole,
you know that?
Not the first time
I heard that, son.
When I was little, he was taking
the money from his artists.
If you wanna be in a position
to make the music,
you need to figure out how
to affect the bottom line.
It's the only thing
people care about.
Gordy manufactures receipts
when he's on tour,
and he pockets the cash.
And you gonna trust this ho
over your boy?
This is not my girlfriend!
This is, though,
my new personal assistant.
...to the window--
He was here all day?
Yeah, no doubt.
He was here all day.
I am Barry Fouray's
new personal assistant.
Word?
And I'm about to go
let him listen
to your tape.
Let's go!
Call your man up, tell him
I said come down here.
That shit hot.
Geronimo had something to do
with Smoke getting killed.
I'm glad he's dead,
but I ain't had
nothing to do with it.
Why should we believe that?
DeeVee.
How long we gonna wait, man?
As long as it takes.
That's too long.
Yeah.
Finish, wait for it.
Shit.
Who's the prophet?
Ay yo, Bruce.
Motherfucker.
So you cool with finishing
up packing without me?
Yeah, it's fine.
It's the first day.
You got the listening party.
It's all good.
What's wrong with you?
Did you hear it?
Hear what?
The track?
Ahm, man.
Are you high?
He wasn't high
a minute ago.
Look, I shit you not,
all right?
A car just rolled by
playing the record.
The man's a dreamer.
Always has been.
Yo, Mattie Taylor
just got promoted.
Really? Good for her.
Come on, man, stop
sweatin' me, son.
Sweating you?
You owe me money, man!
Yeah, you always
talk about money.
You ain't the bill
collector, relax!
Say that to
my face, then!
I hear you.
Come down here
and say it to my face.
That's five shows a week
for 32 weeks, Barry!
I already told you, man,
the record label
froze the money!
$20,890, Barry!
You owe me money!
All right, look, Lil Ray,
don't sweat me
over that, I got you.
Just, look, come up here!
We can smoke a Cohiba!
I got some more
honey dips coming through!
I'm not one of your dumb-ass
rappers, Barry.
You know, you fuckin'
with the wrong one!
Hey, Lil Ray!
Lil Ray!
Hello.
Good morning, Nikki Jones!
What you doing?
You walkin' up
the sidewalk?
When you early,
you on time!
When you on time,
you are late!
When you late,
you fired!
I told her to come
to the hair salon with me
and get her highlights done,
too, but she don't listen.
Yeah.
No, yeah, she went
to her friend's salon.
Now she look
like a rainbow.
Where's
Barry's apartment?
Girl, let me call you back.
Fouray Management, Tamika.
No, he got fired.
It's open!
Yeah.
Hey! Write this down.
$2,350.
7:00-- yeah, tonight,
that's for tonight.
1,700 for styling.
1,325 that I did
for promotion.
1,500 that I did
for the-- for the photo shoot.
And it adds up, that's--
6,000...
$875.
$6,875, that's
out of my pocket.
Yeah, and I submitted
the invoices.
I been submitting
Look, look-look-look.
You-- no-no-no-no-no.
You guaranteed $10,000
in-- in pre-release--
in pre-release money
and I ain't seen shit.
Look, dude,
the second album
need to be bigger
than the first album.
Otherwise, he gonna
look like a fluke.
So you'll pay for it!
You the label!
You call Burt.
I'm not calling Burt.
No, I'm not.
And listen,
when you call him,
tell him if Special Ed,
if his--
if his listening party
is wack, it's his fault.
Sweetheart, you know
I need that coffee.
Black, too.
You want some eggs?
You hungry?
Uh...
Uh, nah, I don't really want
a naked woman making me eggs.
Eggs is eggs.
Uh, okay.
No.
Come on, man,
come on, really?
Oh, my God, no, thanks.
Um...
Listen, man, no,
I'm not down with the video.
Not the director,
the song.
Track number one,
that's the one.
Ahh, you buggin'.
Call me back.
Ah, all right,
Nikki Jones.
Welcome to
the music industry.
You better keep up.
You need to be in the space
on time for the sound check.
Makin' sure everything
goin' smooth.
Call Russell, Tommy,
Fab Five, Rudy and Max
and when you talk to them--
Uh--
Are you paying attention?
Yes.
You sure?
Uh-huh.
Okay, because we can't
have any bullshit today.
This is
a very important day.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, the label called.
They won't budge
on the 5K.
Your 50-person VIP
list is now 25.
Mother, whoo.
Always somethin'.
Cut Funk and Klein.
Cut Dante Ross.
Wait, wait,
I wouldn't cut Dante.
He's in A&R at Elektra.
Don't you have, like,
two clients over there?
I'm just sayin'.
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah,
you're right,
you're right, you're right,
no, don't cut Dante.
Yeah, we don't need to make it
any harder on our artists.
Speaking of which,
how many people did you tell
I was repping that Ahm cat?
Don't look surprised.
I got the all-seeing
eyes over here, Nikki.
No, look, the song he made
with DeeVee is hot.
And he's not signed
with anyone.
Well, you better bring him here
and have him signed by me
by the end of the day
if you wanna keep your job.
And cut this list
down to 35.
Tamika, hold my calls.
Yeah, all right.
Unh-unh, what you doing?
I have to send a page
for Barry.
Okay, now can you
get out of my space?
Where's my space?
Shouldn't I have, like,
an office or something?
I am Barry's assistant.
Over there.
What the fuck!
Oh, I'm so sorry.
What, you don't knock?
I just-- I-- I was
told this was my--
Your what?
Who are you?
Nikki Jones,
Barry's new assistant.
Great, well, tell Barry we have
to reshoot Dizzy Mystique's
new promo photos,
thanks to you.
Yo.
Headmaster Prep.
Yo, you won't believe what
happened the other night.
I, yo...
Chuck Chillout plays
our record first, okay?
And people dig it.
Like, really, really,
really dig it.
Barry Fouray's, like,
"Yo, get your mans
down here right now.
This shit is hot."
Yo, yo, Barry Fouray
wants to meet you.
What, that's not dope?
Nah.
Give me the tape.
I-- I don't
have it on me.
Did I say you could play it?
No, but--
You fucked up.
Go get the tape.
But, yo, you're dope.
You get that-- like, you're
really, really dope.
You could be the next--
I ain't interested in being
the next anything.
Tape.
Today.
Okay.
Lenny Fichtelberg from Cold
Chillin' Records, line one.
Last week,
Barry expects for me to pay
for one of his
would-be artists,
now big man Fouray
can't be bothered
to invite me
to Special Ed's
goddamn party, huh?
Oh, no, not at all.
Please let me assure you,
Mr. Fichtelberg.
In no way is this
decision a reflection
on the depth
of Barry's respect.
You gotta cut Damita Alonzo.
Uh, okay, but she works
over at the "Village Voice"
which would be good
for, uh--
Yeah, me and the "Voice"
are massive kemosabes.
But this Damita chick,
who's that?
Third string?
Delete, delete!
Call for you.
Barry Fouray's office.
Hey, what's up?
DeeVee, yo, look, I need
you to take me to see Ahm.
Barry wants to sign him.
He does?
Yup.
Let me just tell Barry
I'm going to meet him
and then I'm there.
All right.
Hi, can I speak to
Damita Alonzo, please?
Uh, hi, Damita,
it's Nikki, long time.
Look, I'm working over
at Fouray Management,
and they're
cancelling your access
to Special Ed's
listening party tonight.
I'm gonna leave a pass for you
at the door under my name.
Hopefully, you can make it?
Uh, okay, bye.
Geronimo ain't
coming back, Bruce.
Neither is Smoke.
So, here's the deal.
This shit ends today.
Truce.
We should body
this nigga right now.
Truce.
Or your mama gonna have to
keep her black dress on.
Understand?
So, what's up with
Kool Chip?
We're doing this new joint
with Salaam and Palm Tree.
Hey, Chuck,
what's happening?
Hey, Bernard, this the kid
I was telling you about.
He's gonna start
helping me out.
Played that PE at WPPS.
Oh, yeah, a rebel.
You must've been a real
hit with Sampson.
You try that shit over here,
I woulda broke your hands.
I'm telling you, man,
that dude got laid out.
That motherfucker lucky
he's still upright.
See, I know Smoke owes on
that restraining shit,
but them niggas violate
again, we gonna have to
let 'em know what's good.
I know.
Well, well, well,
if it ain't Prep School.
And he comes bearing gifts.
How you doing, Ma?
I'm Scooby.
What brings you to
the Fort Greene projects
on this fine,
fine summer day?
Will you just
leave her alone--
I wasn't talking to you.
I was trying to
be fuckin' courteous.
You need to mind your manners
before I fuck you up--
Uh, please
forgive DeeVee.
He's just
a little protective.
Hmm.
It's nice to meet you, Scooby.
You see, fucking manners.
How you doing, Miss, um--
Nikki Jones.
Hmm.
I just wanted to see
if I could talk to Ahm
for a second
if that's cool.
By all means, Nikki Jones.
A'ight.
Hey, Ahm, uh, this is
my friend, Nikki,
and, uh, she works
for Barry Fouray.
You got the tape?
Uh--
Ahm, it is a pleasure
to meet you.
And like DeeVee was saying,
I do work with Barry Fouray.
And we would love to work with
you on your music together.
You got the tape?
I have something much more
important than the tape.
I have an opportunity
of a lifetime.
I don't give a fuck.
Okay.
Listen, I got the tape.
Somebody's
holding it for me
and I can't get it back
from them until tonight.
Fastest way to get
it back into your hands
is if you meet me
in Manhattan.
Come to Rita's,
8:00 p.m.
I'll have it,
I promise.
You should at least hear
what Barry has to say, okay?
Give him five minutes.
He's not very fuckin'
reasonable, is he?
Told you.
Why can't you just give
him a copy of the tape?
'Cause he has the original.
He wants that copy.
We gotta get
that shit back.
Why'd you tell him
you couldn't get it to him
till later on tonight?
We can go to the station
and get it from Chuck
and then bring it
right back.
Barry wants to meet him.
Tell Barry to come here.
He's not gonna do that.
Yo, DeeVee!
Yeah?
Hands against the car.
Wait!
What did I do?
Hands against the car.
What did I--
What did I do?
What are you doing!
You can't arrest him!
DeeVee!
Back up, back up.
What the-- what is your
badge number, asshole?!
What the fuck did you
just call me?
DeeVee!
Back up!
Nikki, stop talking!
Get the tape,
get the tape.
Unh!
Juggy?
Hey, it's Nikki.
No-no-no, Dave is fine.
But... do you know
any lawyers?
Really? Great.
I need a favor.
Hi, I got a call about
my son, Daryl Van Putten, Jr.
Van Putten?
Van Putten, yes.
Let me take a look.
Daryl Van Putten, Jr.
He's being questioned.
Sit down.
Mmm, too frou-frou for
Troy Huggins at Epic?
Nah, that nigga ashier
than a motherfucker.
He could use the lotion.
Now how come y'all ain't
tell me about all this?
We didn't want you
raidin' it for your ladies.
Uh, how about we send
a bottle of George's
to Sampson King
at WPPS?
Ain't sending
Sampson jack.
Not till they start playing
my people on the air, period.
And that go for all the rest
of them motherfuckers in radio.
Nothing but the middle finger
till they give
my people air time.
Now we can give
Sophia Chang this white--
this white wine
picnic basket though.
All right.
Nikki, are you
gettin' all this?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, just so I'm clear,
we're nixing all of radio
from the list, and we're not
sending gifts to them either?
Damn straight.
They're not all radio.
I'd send something
to Bernard at The Ride
and Joel Sakowitz
at Hot 97.
You know, flies, honey.
Yeah, that's fine,
that's fine.
That's fine, as long as I
get to keep this one
for myself and the after-party,
I'm good, yeah.
Nikki, how did that
meeting go with Ahm?
Great.
He's stopping by tonight.
Good.
You're one of
his runners, right?
One of the guys
who cleans his books?
No, I-I told you guys,
I'm a, I'm a music producer.
You were observed
going in and out of
the Fort Greene
projects today.
No equipment.
Did you guys
make a record?
Not enough time for that.
But perfect to
shore up an alibi.
If we place Mr. Harris
anywhere other than
with you the day
of this murder, my man,
you are looking
at five to seven.
Accessory
after the fact.
They gonna eat your little
candy college ass
up in Rikers.
Jonah Aaron, esquire.
I'm here to see my client,
Daryl Van Putten, Jr.
Hold up, hold up,
your, your client?
Oh, Mr. Van Putten, yeah,
I'm David's father, Juggy.
David Aaron.
DeeVee's friend from GW.
David dates DeeVee's
other friend, Nikki.
Right, right.
Nikki called me,
panicked.
I said I'd get down here
as quick as I could.
Mr. Aaron,
sign right here
and we'll
buzz you in.
Very good.
This way?
Just the lawyer.
It'll be just a minute.
Sir, have a seat.
Thank you, officer.
Good afternoon, detectives.
My name is Jonah Aaron,
attorney at law.
Mr. Van Putten
is my client.
Any further questions
may be submitted in writing.
Along with a subpoena.
Let's go, DeeVee.
You're hurting me!
I don't care.
Look who's here.
Oh!
You good?
Yeah.
What the hell is
the matter with you?
Ow! I'm sorry.
What do we owe you?
Nothing.
I was disbarred
12 years ago.
You be good, boss.
Better come on, boy.
Need to get the hell
out of here.
Yo! What you do!
Stay back!
Back up! Back up!
He's crazy!
What's going on?
My new boss.
Apparently, this is
how he fires people.
He makes Sampson
look like a pussy.
You sure
you wanna work here?
I'm running out
of radio stations.
Where else am I gonna go?
What's up?
Oh, I need that tape from
Chuck Chillout, DeeVee's tape.
Uh, he's going to
meet his cousin.
Is something wrong?
Oh, I gotta--
I gotta go.
Um, have Chuck Chillout bring
it to the listening party, okay?
Check, check-check, one-two,
one-two, that's good?
You hear that?
You can hear me?
Check-check,
one-two, one-two--
Hey, stay away from
those wall outlets, man.
We maxed out at 30 amps.
Nikki?
Sounds different
on this side, doesn't it?
Yo, I just got
off the phone.
Bug got locked up and saw that
kid DeeVee at the station.
Say he was some
lawyers and shit.
Walked out of there
real clean.
He might be snitchin'.
Kid's gotta go.
Dad?
Yo, Ahm is dope, though.
Like, he has a great voice,
great delivery.
He's a drug dealin'
murderer, Junior.
Let me tell you something.
When a thug gets shot,
or worse, when a little kid
gets rolled in on a gurney
'cause of a dealer's bullet,
I'm the one has
to mop up the blood, me.
And here you are, talkin'
about a-- a great voice?
A great delivery.
Try tellin' that shit
to those crying mothers
at the hospital.
"Oh, I'm sorry,
he shot your son
but he has
a great fuckin' voice."
I didn't know, Dad.
Well, you shoulda.
You're smart.
Smarter than me,
and I'm proud of that.
You think I beat the sun up
every morning to--
to carry a mop bucket.
And then you just
drop out of school.
Yeah, for what?
For music?
For you to do a bid
for aiding and abetting,
or even worse, Junior--
Yo, can you lay off?
I'm calling your
Aunt Adona in Charleston.
I'm not going
to South Carolina.
Yes, you are.
And you gonna get away
from this Ahm nigga.
You're gonna do that,
and you're gonna live.
Where the fuck
are you going?
I gotta go-- going
to get some fresh air.
See, that's your problem.
You need to sit
your narrow ass down
and listen for a change.
I gotta go think, Dad.
I'll be back.
Fine.
You go think.
Hey, Damita,
so glad you could make it.
Thanks for the invite.
So, how old is
your daughter now?
1-1/2 years.
Wow.
I can't believe
how quick--
Two years, Nikki.
I know, I know.
It's just, uh...
Things got crazy.
Thanks for getting
my access back.
Let me know if you're
ever really ready to talk.
Otherwise...
Yo, Nikki, tell me
tonight gonna be hot.
We're good.
Sound check done,
drinks are flowing.
Everybody on the
guest list is cool.
Ahm?
Not yet, but he'll be here.
Yeah, what's up, Barry?
Yo, what up, man?
Yeah, it's gonna be
off the hook tonight.
Good to see you.
Yeah, so...
Got it, got it.
Okay, all right.
Mm-hmm.
Heh.
I don't mean to barge in.
Yeah, why?
It's your apartment.
Just, you know,
I wanted to... you know.
Say bye.
Bye? Just moving to
Williamsburg.
Jesus, why would
anyone wanna move there?
It's not like it's Jersey.
Barely.
Do you need any help?
No, I'm good.
Hey-hey!
There's still
some Quik left.
Now I remember
when you were little,
I don't know who used
to drink more of this.
You or me.
You might wanna check
the expiration date on that.
Expiration-- expiration dates
are for folk singers, David.
Expiration date, my ass.
All right.
You know, you and me...
We're, uh, we're
sort of alike, you know?
Yes?
Yeah, how?
We both like Quik.
Mom says
I'm more like her.
Uh, could be.
You're both
awfully principled.
Well...
See you around.
Don't move.
Keep doing what
you were doing.
Don't move or keep
doing what I'm doing?
Both, why can't you?
Okay, about earlier?
I'm sorry.
Between the guest list and
trying to get this artist,
I didn't think.
Can't we just chalk it up
as first day fuck up
for the new girl?
I will do whatever you need
when you have to reshoot.
Okay.
You good?
Yeah.
Damn, you clean up fast.
You waste time...
You waste money!
Don't worry about it.
We all had a first day.
Thanks.
Hey, so I gotta
ask, but...
Oh, the apron?
Yeah.
I work at my
parents' market.
I thought you were--
Technically, I'm
Fouray's art director.
I sell artists, do visual
concepts, graphics, all of it.
But he doesn't pay me.
He lets me use
his space for free.
Hence the dark room.
Yeah, I only get money
for my freelance photography.
But to my parents,
I am just a stock boy.
Girl, you are one
fly fuckin' stock boy.
Thanks, you're not
so bad yourself.
Have you seen
Chuck Chillout?
Not in the 90 seconds
I've been here.
Okay, thanks.
You got the tape?
Shit.
I must've left it inside.
Yeah, Barry's got a table.
Why don't you just
come in and meet him?
Nah.
Go get the tape.
Now.
Hey, you seen
Chuck Chillout?
This is the problem,
The Mission ain't the scene.
Come on,
let's move with this.
I appreciate
your passion, Barry,
but we have a better chance
on MTV with The Mission.
Just trust me on this, okay?
Enjoy the party.
Yeah.
I got Ahm
waiting outside.
Great, tell him
to come inside.
Any chance you
could come meet him?
He seems kind of shy.
Well, he better
get over it.
Tell him either come
inside or to go home.
His name ain't Prince.
All right, now,
did you order my flowers?
Arriving as we speak.
Not bad, Nikki Jones.
But go get your boy.
Why do I have to explain
to motherfuckers
that the sky is blue?
Thought you were
gonna tell him no.
Tell 'em we making video.
I thought the label
would do that...
What happened?!
Turn the lights on!
Hey, hey, hey!
It's not what
it looks like, I--
Excuse me, excuse me.
Hey, watch it!
Hey, be cool, everybody,
don't worry about it.
The lights will
be back on in a second.
Drink your drinks
and you'll act
like you at a high school party
or something like that...
Hey, I need to
take Barry outside.
I need you
to do me a favor.
In five minutes,
don't let anybody leave.
How am I gonna do that?
You'll figure it out.
We gonna keep
the lights out!
Some of y'all look better
in the dark
if you know what
I'm talking about.
Hey, excuse me, Barry,
I was thinking
it might be a good idea
to go out now and meet Ahm
'cause we can't really
do the event in the dark.
Nah, 'cause I'm MC-ing
right now...
But we got you.
Josie said she would
make sure she lets us know
when the lights
come back on.
Plus, we got plenty
of people to work the room.
But, the hottest,
undiscovered MC in New York
might drive away
if you don't go outside.
Barry, let me talk to you--
Stop! Okay, five minutes.
He's in the black
Pathfinder right out front.
Out front?
Uh-huh.
Yo, Chuck, I've been
looking for you all day.
You got DeeVee's tape?
Sorry, sis, it's in my ride,
but my dumb-ass cousin
got it stolen in Jersey.
What?!
Sorry, kiddo.
Yo, crazy how the lights
went off in there, huh?
Bananas.
So, you really think
your man got it?
Yo, I'm telling you, we're
looking at the next Rakim.
Oh, yeah, well,
where's Eric B?
Uh, family stuff,
but he'll be by later.
Okay, a'ight, Nikki Jones,
let me find out--
Look.
That's him?
Yo!
Yo, stop, yo!
Hey, hey!
Hey, I got your tape, here.
Can you give
Barry five minutes?
Barry Fouray,
this is Ahm.
Ahm, this is
Barry Fouray.
Yeah, I like
your office.
Yeah, I'm glad you
came down, you know.
The joint you and your boy
did, that shit is dope.
Appreciate it.
Yeah, y'all working
on a whole album?
Something like that.
Well, if it's anything
like this first joint,
then the whole sky's gonna
open up to you, man.
You're gonna find yourself
needing a strong team
to help you handle
your business correctly.
I can handle
my own business.
No doubt,
you can do that, but...
You know, when you
dealing with a label
and they steppin' to you,
showing you some bullshit
advance gonna
look like a lot of money.
And then they gonna
try to put you
in a short position
for your artist share.
The what?
Artist share.
You know what that is?
It's like a,
it's like a...
Are you familiar
with points on a package?
I heard somebody talk
about it once.
Well, it's like that
except for this package
don't come with the drama.
You know what I'm saying?
And, like, the labels
wanna walk you out
on eight points,
ten points.
Especially if you new?
Forget about it.
But we, we deal with it,
like, hard in that department.
We want 12 points.
We want 14 points.
You know what I'm saying?
We want the advance.
But I'm willing to sacrifice
the advance if it means
that my artist is in
the better long-term position.
You know what I'm saying?
Ain't nobody expecting this
shit to last forever, man.
Except for me.
So you a middle man.
Not the label.
No, I negotiate with the label
on behalf of the artist.
Thanks for your time, man.
No, your man ain't ready.
He's ready,
you heard...
Your man ain't ready!
Outside the car, I don't
know what to tell you.
Fuck it.
I'm starting my own label.
Hey.
You will not believe what
went down at Rita's tonight.
What's up?
I talked to DeeVee.
Juggy?
You call fucking Juggy to get
our friend out of jail.
What was I supposed to do?
He needed help.
Call me!
Call his dad!
Don't call
fuckin' Juggy.
DeeVee's dad wasn't home,
Juggy was.
What about me, Nikki?
Come on, David.
Our friend was in jail.
I'm supposed to just
let him sit in a cell
because you got
daddy issues?
That is fucked up.
What's fucked up is me
feeling like I'm on trial
when I come home
every single fuckin' night.
Want a ride,
Prep School?
Uh, nah, I'm good,
I'ma just--
I ain't askin'.
This season on "The Breaks"...
It's game time, baby.
Hip-hop is gonna take
over the music business.
Fouray Records
is gonna be a force.
I heard you might be adding
hip-hop to your repertoire.
My chairman says there's
gold in them there hills.
Listen up!
I got a new label!
I'm looking for a star.
I got a question for Barry.
You a leech, boy!
You wouldn't be
nothing without me!
We don't change our
artists' music and image
so they can fit
the mainstream.
We make the mainstream
flow to us.
If you wanna make a living
in the music industry?
You're gonna have to get
your hands a little dirty.
This bitch is more man than
your bitch-ass will ever be
Yeah!
I heard your demo,
and I'd like to talk to you
about joining Fouray.
What exactly is Fouray
gonna do for my baby?
He's gonna
make her a star.
Got word you may
know something
about a homicide
in Crown Heights?
No.
What did you tell 'em?
Nothing.
You sure?
You lose this case, it's over,
you lose everything.
You are a hustler.
You say that like
it's a bad thing.
You reap what you sow.
In this business, the only
color that matters is green.
Do I gotta keep
looking over my shoulder?
It's New York City, man.
You always gotta
look over your shoulder.
There's a lot of
troubled souls out there.
Is yourself included?
Number one.
If you gon' make music,
I want you to make history.
That's the program!
You either with it
or you not!
Do you know how many people
spend their entire lives
wishing for a chance
at greatness?